hello hello hello my fellow game
warriors my name is the game warrior and
right now i am bringing you gameplay
footage of the new game type just
released for modern warfare 3 community
playlist now this game type is titled 18
guns and like i said it can be found in
the community playlist underneath ffh
gen life otherwise free for all games
play now what
is basically pretty simply just gun game
from black ops and or the gun game you
can play in the private map feature on
xbox live or ps3 live ps3 PSN network or
whatever and I believe there is also
private message on PC as well now ken
game if you are not for sure what that
is when do you live a rock ops for
whatever reason getting game you go
through a cycle of 18 different weapons
and every time you kill someone with the
weapon you automatically switch for
instance right now as soon as I get a
kill I can explain that as soon as I get
this go with the UMP I get a kill with
the mp7 I immediately switched to the
striker and it goes on so on and so
forth switching weapons until you get to
the eighteenth and final weapon get a
kill with that and move on and achieve
the final rank until now in this if you
do not already know if you knife someone
will you drink however the enemy goes
down you knife an enemy whatever weapons
they are on they go down like just what
happened to me I was on the bread 50 Cal
gaat knife and then immediately went
back to my previous weapon which was the
striker now here as you can see I'm
breaking up brother quick this is
extremely fast gun ungettable play you
know you don't have any perks no
equipment no killstreaks it's just gonna
gun gameplay um extremely extremely
similar two blocks black ops it's just
I'm incident extremely fun game type it
is my probably second favorite of the
type nice x
his last one of the Chamber's last but
all or nothing is definitely my favorite
out of these four new game types so once
you put this in we be ready to run
around run again don't camp in this game
type it won't get you anywhere because
it's free for all new silenced weapons
people will know where you are at any
time you fire your head plus you don't
want a chance a chance at getting
someone injury and going to i'm 19 or
their little taste government so anyways
guys yeah this is going to be the end of
this commentary be sure to check out the
annotated videos on your screen taking
you to more of these types for modern
warfare 3 s communities playlist i
really hope you guys enjoyed this huh no
but enjoy this we're gonna go and the
new day so guys my name is the game
warrior be sure to comment rate
subscribe like this video if you enjoyed
me posting this information that way if
anything else in the future comes out I
will be able to post videos oh my god
what the game is about what new staff
my name is the game warrior light now
come in and subscribe and as always have
a good day how to shoot it looks jumping
over 300